---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E5-Reflecting on Assignment 2 Technical Essay
date: 2020-05-15
---
Assignment 2 is based on assignment 1 with some improvements. Assignment 2 requires us to have a specialization for each unique user. The webpage should allow the user to create and account or if they are a new user they can create and register a new account. Also everyone can view the websites products but a user is unable to buy products unless they are a registered user. From this assignment I learned how to create a login page that allows returning users to login and go straight to the display page while. Also I learned to create a registration page for new users that will redirect them to the display page after successfully creating an account. No, I did not work with a partner for assignment 2. I needed help with creating the registration page as we did learn it in the labs I did not quite grasp the information. I got help through asking Dan, looking at the labs, and also asking fellow classmates for assistance. This was different than assignment #1 because it needs to store information from returning users and also be able to accept new information for registering users. Assignment 1 just required to have a site that showed products you are selling and being able to store that information amount to the cart. I take an hour writing the code, 20 mins thinking about how to do the code, and 2+ hours testing my code and debugging. What worked well was continuing off what what I had from Assignment 1. What did not work well was trying to figure out how to do the login/register page with just our labs and I struggled finding other resources for help. If I could go back in time I would work on my assignment 1 corrections earlier so it would not have taken longer to move along to assignment 2 since assignment 1 is the foundation for assignnment 2.
